doc: override_tracks in documentation (#567)
canonical/oci-factory: README.md

| microk8s.deploy | True | Dict[str, str] | Link to the YAML manifest and additional access message. |
| microk8s.deploy.link | True | str | Link to the raw manifest file. |
| microk8s.deploy.access | True | str | Post-deployment access message. |

> | override_tracks | False | Dict[Dict[str, str]] | Override the EOL dates of the tracks are from non-OCI-Factory releases or the track name is inconsistent with the build-base. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| override_tracks | False | Dict[Dict[str, str]] | Override the EOL dates of the tracks from non-OCI-Factory releases or the track names inconsistent with the build-base. |
```
